JavaScript frameworks are application frameworks that allow developers to manipulate code to meet their unique requirements.

What Are JavaScript Frameworks Used For?
To build websites
Front-end app development
Back-end app development
Hybrid app development
Ecommerce applications
Build modular scripts, for example, Node.js
Update DOM manually
Automate repetitive tasks using templating and 2-way binding
Develop video games
Create image carousels,
Testing codes and debugging
To bundle modules

How JavaScript Libraries and Frameworks Work Together??
The difference between JavaScript libraries and frameworks lies in its flow of controls. They are just opposite in the flow, or inverted.

In JS libraries, the parent code calls the function that a library offers.

In JS frameworks, the framework itself calls the code and uses it in a specific way. It defines the overall application design.

Simply put, you can think of JavaScript libraries as a particular app function. In contrast, the framework acts like its skeleton, while an API acts as the connector to bring them together.

Commonly, developers start the development process with a JS framework and then complete the app functions with JS libraries and an API’s help.

1. AngularJS -> AngularJS by Google is an open-source JavaScript framework released in 2010. This is a front-end JS framework you can use to create web apps.

2. Bootstrap -> Design fast and mobile responsive sites quickly using Bootstrap, one of the most popular open-source toolkits for front-end development.

3. Ember.js -> The open-source JS framework Ember.js is battle-tested and productive to build web applications with rich UIs, capable of working across devices.

4. Node.js -> Node.js is a server-side, open-source JavaScript framework built on Chrome’s JS V8 Engine, created in 2009. It is a runtime environment that executes JS codes outside a browser.

5. Next.js -> The Open source platform of Next.js offers a React front-end JavaScript framework. Released in 2016, it allows you to enable functionalities like creating static sites and server-side rendering.

6. ExpressJS -> Express.js is a back-end JS framework for developing web applications. It was released in 2010 under MIT incense as free, open-source software.

It is a fast and minimalist Node.js web framework that comes with an array of useful features.